Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much.
Okay.
Let's go.
Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, March
the 12th. This is the Money Ball Morning
Report.
And my name is Anne-Marie Band. Charts
by TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by Menter
Q. Let's take a look at the big numbers
first as we stare at the E-mini S&P.
We've got the call
6950,
the max.
I don't even know if it's going to get
there. It may. It's 68
50.
And
the point of control 6790,
the VWAP for this formation is 6760.
What is the chart doing? All right.
Well, first 30 minutes, pretty good
formation, right? It's kind of big. They
come in, open, immediately sell it off
to the lows of the prior day.
They cannot stay inside of that
30-minute candlestick formation, so it
gives us downward flow. How do we get
the target for the downward flow? We
simply
take the box around this 30 minute and
then clone it and put it underneath.
That gives us the next test, which we
can see the bounce right there. 6718,
also a number that we've been looking at
for a bit, but it comes in, holds the
level, tries to get back up, cannot get
above the moving average, tries to get
above the VWAP for a bit, fails again.
How do we see the next one? We take the
measured move, it takes us into the put
wall.
And so, it stops the measured move from
completing
because the put wall is engaged.
So, that's what we're staring at.
It starts rounding the bottom. How do we
know we're we're not going lower?
We stop heading lower. We break the
front lines of resistance.
Those are the last area of lows, and
then we pull back and make another
higher low.
Here they are breaking out to the north.
I would suspect since momentum is high
and trend is high, but they're going to
get to the top of
the
Well, what did I mean to to do? I didn't
mean to do that.
They're going to get to the top of the
candlestick.
Okay?
If it goes above that, we've got a lot
of supply. It's very very red here. If
they move above it, that's going to be a
lot of work that the buyers did to get
us back up to the next base. That would
be
68 12 to 68 15. We know how the markets
love that
15 [snorts]
to 17 area. Sometimes it's 17 to 24.
They just like that zone, right? And so
the traders will come in and try to work
on that. Next space is the 68 40.
And value area high is 68 50. Value area
low 67 40.
Trend is
down from above
and up from below. Momentum is going to
give us the immediate motion if trend
confirms, and that is going to be to the
top of that box. You could extend
this all the way to the right
if you wanted to.
So, it would show, you know,
whether you're sitting in that first
30-minute candle during the day. Let's
take a look at the NQ.
There is no recording tomorrow. I'm out
of the office.
Just giving you a heads-up there.
All right, let's take a look at the NQ
in the overnight.
What are we staring down?
Same big 30-minute formation.
Try to hold
the low,
but it can't. So, it rotates down.
That's a pretty wide candlestick.
Notice
really what it does is just do a two,
right? Really wide candlestick.
And um breaks the bottom, but
does not stay down there.
And so, we watch again when
structure builds, we can turn around and
take the long. This is sitting over the
halfway mark
in my mind.
So, oh, come on.
It's not letting me get it.
All right, I'll put it there, and then
let me see if I can do this. I hate it
that we're doing this together.
I've only tried to do it before.
I need parallel lines.
All right. Not uh not letting us snap to
the grid there, but we can see that
we're a little bit over the halfway
point here. So, they're trying to get to
the top of the box. That's 24,009,56.
Let's take a look at the big numbers.
Call wall, 25,500.
Valuaria high, 25,180.
Valuaria low, 24,700.
Put wall,
23,000
24,000.
Yeah, that's not bad.
So, what are the traders doing? Of
course, they're trying to get back into
the heavy congestion. It's the safest
place safe place if they can get back
into heavy congestion. What is trend?
Down from above, up from below, they're
they're hunting for resistance.
And that's really, you know, could they
find it at about 25,000? Yes. Could they
move all the way back up here? Yes.
Overall, this is a sideways pressure
event. Sideways. Now, a lot of people
are saying, "Hey, we broke major moving
average, blah blah blah blah blah."
You know, we look at the daily chart, we
can see there's a breakdown off of the
edge. In my mind, it's so wishy-washy
here in terms of sideways pressure that
we really don't have to worry about it.
All right, let's take a look at micro
Bitcoin.
Okay, so Bitcoin's been struggling.
Remember, the big tail is above 73.
Right? There's a demand zone here that
turned to a supply zone. That's very
interesting. That's rare. That's rare.
Trend down from above, up from below.
What are the traders trying to do?
They're trying to build pressure.
Big crypto guy that I read,
he's like all in crypto, thinks crypto
is going to have its next big run to the
upside. He's a very good analyst, but I
think he's being a bit premature. Why?
He's trying to catch a bottom to get the
most out of everything.
And in the end,
you know, maybe that works and he's
still green,
but he's going to have to be careful
because this is still in a wedge, right?
Still in a wedge. Are we above the VWAP?
Yes. Above the moving average? Yes.
Where's the 30-minute opening range?
Pretty far above me.
And look, the the candle we just closed
at 5:30 this morning,
base of the 30-minute could not get in.
Now,
if it builds pressure from underneath,
it could easily get in. But, [snorts]
dip buying into resistance, if you are
so inclined, is going to be the better
bet. Momentum is up, but barely crossing
the zero line from the RSI. The
stochastic RSI is actually showing the
movement of the candlesticks.
And that's bullish.
Let's go to oil.
Oops.
Well, that's interesting.
What do we got going on here?
This chart looks
very bizarre.
Oh, there we go.
What?
Look at how far call wall
put wall
60.
This is what we're looking at in oil.
A lot of traders are short here. Listen,
a lot of traders came in and said, "I'm
going short."
And so, it's worked for them for a
couple of days.
And then, day before yesterday and
yesterday,
everything started
sitting sideways. So,
um
if
>> [laughter]
>> if this actually
breaks out again,
you want to talk about some something
parabolic, it's going to move like this,
like the last time we had it. And we're
not going to have much of any reasoning
for that other than these shorts are
caught upside down in the trade. Now, a
lot of them have great positioning.
They're short all the way up here from
$118.
And so, probably the smart ones are
unwinding
into frontline supports. but what is
trend?
It's up.
It's down from above, up from below, but
the wider you go, you can see how
bullish this chart actually is on larger
time frames. It's a very, very bullish.
What are the big numbers?
Well, as I mentioned that call wall is
at 84. It has not really moved.
And now that this is sitting in here, it
is positive gamma, so it should come
back and test.
It should come back and test.
At least the the call sellers are
hoping. The put wall all the way down
there at 60 as I mentioned. Value area
low 8250, value area high 9720.
What did the traders do?
Let's take a look at that 30-minute
opening.
Came back into less than the 50% range.
No.
Right at the 50% range.
Right at that 50% range and then
expanding out.
Looks like 2 and 1/2.
Right?
Midpoint there looks like the halfway
spot.
If we fade,
we fall back into yesterday's region
right near the call wall. The anchored
view up from yesterday's 86.
This morning it looks pretty bullish.
Let's see what the 4:00 a.m. candle did.
Yeah, the 4:00 a.m. candle broke out of
this 30-minute candle. So so far,
this looks to be trending. You'd have to
see what the 9:00 a.m. candle looks
like.
Excuse me, the 9:30 candle. Now, I know
oil opens prior to that, but the volume
still sits with regular trading hours.
And that's the way you use the measured
move, right? So, we're going to look for
this candle
giving us the lower
the lowest of the bunch, and then the
4:00 a.m. candle giving us a higher low,
and then the 9:00 a.m. candle giving us
another higher low, higher high, and we
very likely will have a trending day.
You really want to watch out for that if
that happens. So far, price action looks
sideways, so there's a chance that it
doesn't happen, that that 9:30
candlestick ends up being down here,
which would make a very sticky trade.
If I were thinking about going long, I
would want to see a pullback into this
old resistance zone
that is near
$87.
Mhm. Okay, let's take a look at gold.
Okay, we had a breakthrough yesterday,
and then a straight-on recovery.
So, that line
is
my suspicion is, although that line is
important, there's a different
resolution event going on, and that's
underneath the value area low, which is
5143.
My thought
is that value area low
is the real
zone to watch.
Generally speaking.
That's what we were staring down.
What's the trend? Well, it was long.
Excuse me.
Yeah, well, it was really long and then
we began this flag pattern.
And now we've broken out of the flag.
So,
this looks bullish again. Right? The
question is can it get up and stay up
over this
level?
That's a pretty important alert.
So,
let's do that.
That'll be 5200. Value area high is all
the way up at 5244.
A tremendous amount of supply sitting
here and it's the anchored view up from
yesterday. Let's see the 30-minute
formation.
Candlestick is a little below that.
Looks like it's breaking
to the north. Let's see how it did on
the south end.
Looks like it did a whole candle.
And it did. Look at that. Right there.
Clink.
So, on the way up,
max
area 5200. Let's see what the big
numbers are.
Woah.
5400 call wall,
value area high,
5240,
value area low,
5140,
put wall,
4900.
So, that put wall is rising.
Yeah. Uh what's the trade here? Well,
it's tough, right? We're in a box. All
the candlesticks are retracing each
other. That's pretty much a dumpster
fire. If anybody goes, "Oh, yeah, this
has been great. This has been easy." You
know,
good on you. Not been easy for me. I
have to tell you.
Expansion of risk
is one of the things that you're seeing
because, hey, listen, even if you get
the right direction, let's see you go
short,
but you decide you're going to go short
here at the breakdown.
If you don't get out right away and
you're looking for something lower,
you're going to get chopped up
unless your risk is extremely wide. And
I think that that is something to be
careful about. Here they are coming back
to test
the 30-minute opening candlestick high
in gold here.
That number's 5189.
Messy,
my friends.
And finally, spy.
It's Buxby.
Um
we have a messy patch once again.
Going to remove this alert. We've got a
Well, is this one?
Let's create this alert again.
We've got an area up at 680 to watch. An
area below at 670 to watch.
What is trend? It was down, but now
we're back inside
of
the big sideways formation.
It's a very big sideways formation. So,
what is our choice? Deep dips going to
give us buy zones.
And
the wicks
and spikes to the upside going to give
us sell zones. Could the wicks be very
big? Yes. So, ideally,
the areas to look at are clean shots.
683.
You watch it here.
Just like this one.
It fails, you take it. Okay? And that's
the important thing.
Here's the All of these are just showing
Is that weird? It's just showing the
9:30 areas and I'm not
quite sure why.
It's cuz you didn't have the button on,
you silly person. Okay, so here we go.
Still same numbers.
675 to breach. Super messy, friends. I
mean, look at this noise.
It is just an awful looking chart.
These are areas where
it's better to think about
long-term trades that you have in your
portfolio that you might go, "Huh, I
wonder if something's coming into a nice
little buy zone."
And you look for deeper value and go way
out the chain
to buy an option.
That That'd be the only thing I would do
in this space because this looks like a
dumpster fire and I can't see it
changing. It's just very messy.
Very very messy.
All right, that's it, folks. Remember,
nothing tomorrow.
I'm out of the office and um
yeah, I'll see you on the streams. Take
care.